[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: For this challenge,
you're gonna create a method inside
the widget service to get widgets.
It says widgets.json right there but
I'll give you the URL where it is,
it's actually the same URL for the items
except for it's the widgets resource.
So it's just 3001/widgets, that's the URL.
And I'll put it up in a minute.
And then kind of like what we just did,
the method that you made, I need you to
return it from that service and subscribe
to it in the widget's component, or
the widget's list component, or
whatever component you're gonna be in.
Subscribe to that, and
get access to the data.
And then if you want to,
you don't have to,
if you want to change it to a promise and
check it out that, change it to a promise,
make sure it's still working and
go that way.
And then for bonus because
the Json serves does accept posts,
create another method to post
a new widget to the server.
It's the same URL just a post for it.
So before you get started what you have
to do, if you go into your Repo and
you go to db.json, just make sure,
underneath this item's array or
above it, just make a new entry called
widgets and set it equal to an array.
>> Scott Moss: And you might have to
restart your Webpack if that happens,
to reinitialize the server.
It actually might work without it.
It might create the widgets
if you try to post it but
just to be safe, I would do this.
So again, just add a new entry on
this JSON file called widgets,
set equal to empty array.
The JSON server command line tool
reads this file like a database.
It's a live file that it writes to.
If you issue a delete request to this
JSON server, it will delete it from file.
If it's a post request to the JSON server,
it'll write to this file.
So it's a live file.
And once you have all that, like I said,
you might have to restart and
the URL is just port 3000/widgets.
Just like it is for items,
port 3001 I'm sorry.
3001.
No, wait, it's 3000.
Okay.
Right, that's 3000?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, 3000 for the database.
>> Scott Moss: [CROSSTALK] Yeah, so it's
3000 for the database, 3000 for the app.
Sorry about that.
Yeah, the URL's gonna be the 3000, or
whatever port you're configured to be on,
by default it's 3000 for the JSON server.
The same URL that's in the item services.
If you look in item services,
it's that URL, but with the widgets.
It's the resource name,
it's whatever resource name you put in
that db.json file that we just put.
Because we put widgets,
the JSON server exposed this as
a resource, as a URL for us.
Whatever you put in here, if you put
cookies, you can now go to /cookies.